Yeah.
Hello, hi. Good evening.
I see that there are lots of messages.
So let's start.
I think next week we do have a test. Okay.
So we'll be discussing a lot about it.
Before that,
does anyone have any questions?
Because this session for today is going
to be a little longer,
like me speaking a lot and less on
solving your doubts.
So I want to start with solving your
doubts first and then I will go on with
the session.
So does anyone have any questions?
Let's start with that. I'm sorry,
I've not read the chats,
but if someone can unmute themselves and
just ask questions,
it would be a little more better and
faster.
I see Tenman, you've raised your hand.
Do you have any questions?
Okay,
so I think the overview of the messages
that I've got.
The test is next week.
Today we will be practising the test and
I will show you how the test looks like
and how,
where you can find it and how we proceed
with the test.
I will solve each and every doubts with
you, so it should be fine.
And after that you will receive the test
like when.
your test is and what your slot is closer
to the date. So that's how it should be.
And you'll receive it all via e-mail.
I think you should be receiving it by mid
Wednesday or Thursday.
If you have any questions regarding it,
which I
miss out on answering in this chat box,
you can definitely reach out to me and
you can ask me. Okay. For today's class,
I would really want a little more
communication. Otherwise,
it would be a little harder for me to
understand whether you are understanding
the pattern, the test, or any of it. Okay.
So, I'll just share my screen.
Is Vrisha here?
I'm here. Morning. Well, evening. Sorry.
Yes.
Ah, that's okay.
So I will share my screen, Vrisha.
I think we'll have to,
if anyone has any questions while you
know I am sharing his screen. Yeah,
perfect.
I will be checking the Jess.
So I'll go through the test first because
it's important and then we will move
forward with the.
unit for today,
like the presentation for today.
So, just give me one second.
Okay, is my screen visible to everyone?
Yeah, it is.
Okay, so this is the test.
How do you go onto your test?
Your and my interface would be a little
different,
but should be the same in terms of the
options.
So this is where you go on your tests.
You go to test one. On that,
you have multiple test task sheet,
task sheet and resources.
This is where you download,
you download the resources.
Once you download the resources,
you see the...
Okay,
so this is the test where we practice.
You enable the editing so that you can
practise it and send it across onto your
OnTrack if you want us to start.
For your actual test as well,
what you need to do is, sorry, yeah,
you need to fill out your name and your
details.
Okay, and then...
Okay, are we on the same page?
A little yes or no would be great.
Because I can't read the chats.
Yup.
Yeah,
now this is how your test should look
like.
And this is where you need to answer all
the questions. Okay. So for example,
you have something like this,
write the terminal command to create a
new.NET project in the current directory.
So how do you answer it?
is your personal point of view.
Like how do you want to do it or how do
you want to write it with caps on caps?
Small anything is fine.
So does anyone know the answer for this?
Dot net new console.
Yes, correct. I don't know who you are,
but yes, the answer is right.
So we'll go with.NET new console. OK,
then we'll move on to the next question.
Write a terminal command to compile a C
source file named virus.cpp. Now,
what most of the students do is
they forget that there is a name of the
file which is given to you.
So you can't just assume your own file
because just because we are so used to
doing P1.cpp, P2.cpp, hello world.cpp.
So this is a very common practice,
but that's not something you have to do.
Also it says that you have the executable
file named as.
virus. So that's how you need to write.
So now can someone help me with the
command for this one?
I am waiting.
I can start picking up people if that
helps.
Okay.
Estario.
Did you say, TARA?
Yes.
Yeah, that's me.
Okay,
do you know the command for this one?
I'm sorry, sea lane plus plus.
Virus dot CPP dash L splash kit dash O
and then you do like virus.
This is how you do it.
Does anyone have any questions?
Is this right?
Okay,
I usually like to keep the splash kit at
the end,
but it's obviously personal choice,
so that's fine. The command will run.
I know that for a fact. So, okay,
now there is a very important part,
which is the hand execution. Okay, so
For the hand execution,
let's go side by side so that it becomes
a little easier. For the hand execution,
firstly,
what you have to go through is this.
I think I did tell you last time
regarding this.
So.
that this is the format that you need to
follow.
So this is how it is explained on what is
the hand execution and how you do it.
For now,
today I will help you practise the one
which is in the practise test and how do
we do it. Okay. So if you see over here,
first you need to read the code and you
need to see how it works.
OK,
so how we do is we declare the variable
which are given here first. OK,
so we write down everything here.
So, first we write...
Uh, it might, that's not working.
Thank you.
I said not talking.
Okay, so let's go like this.
Just one second,
I'll stop the screen and just sort out my
touch issue.
Son.
Okay, sorry, I don't know why.
What's the issue?
It's not working for some reason. Okay,
so let's do it on Word.
So what you have to do is you can either
do pen or paper or you can do it in the
same sheet or whatever you like, okay,
during the actual test.
So now when you see that we have multiple.
..
variables which are declared.
So what you do is you copy the same,
you write the variable in the same format
which is given here.
So we have a value keeper. Okay,
now in front of a value keeper,
you keep the exact same,
you draw a box like you draw a.
Insert.
Where are the boxes?
Yeah, so you draw a box in front of it,
OK?
Similarly, you do the same thing.
For my counter.
And you just do the same box for this.
Then you move ahead,
we go on to dummy bear.
And we copied the same box.
Over here.
Okay, now we move on and we go to I,
we do the same thing.
We copy this and we paste it here.
Okay.
Just bear with me when it comes to a
little bit of font and everything today.
I was not prepared for this to not work
today. Anyways, okay.
So now how it says that the initial value
is 10.
Enter the initial value and we have to
store the value as 10 inside this.
Oh.
My God.
It's not even letting me type.
Okay.
Will use this.
Okay,
now when we say that we have the initial
value as 10, so we enter 10 over here,
it says that the count value is 8,
so we write down 8. Okay,
it says that I should be 0,
so we write down zero.
Now after this,
we have the terminal which will have the
final values in it. Okay.
Now it says that we need to go into this
loop. So we go turn by turn.
First we are reading the value.
We are having declaring the value keeper
counter dummy where I value keeper
counter dummy where I.
Then we have to enter the values,
so it's 10, 8, we stop, and zero.
Now we do terminal,
so we start getting into the loop.
It says that whatever the value is in the
value keeper, we print it out,
which is 10. OK,
now it says value keeper minus minus.
That means that what we need to do is we
need to cancel the value.
and write something else.
So how we do is we cancel it and then...
We write a value which is 9.
Now, it says I,
that means we increment the value of 0
from to one. So,
what we do is we cancel this as well,
and we write down one.
OK, now we cheque the condition.
The condition is the value keeper should
not be equal to count.
Now the value keeper is 9 and our counter
value is 8, so it is not equal.
So we hop into the loop again.
Now it says that we need to print out the
value for the value keeper.
The value is 9, so we write down 9. Oh,
sorry.
We write down 9. Okay.
Then it says value keeper minus minus.
Then what we do is we decrement this
again.
Two.
Eight, OK, I,
that means we decrement the value of
sorry, increment the value to two.
So we cancel this and we write down two.
OK, then again we get into the loop.
We cheque the condition,
which is value keeper should not be equal
to my counter. We cheque it.
Is the value keeper not equal to counter?
No, because it is equal. 8 is equal to 8.
So now this is where we stop our hand
exhibition. Now in your actual exam,
what you do is you take the screenshot of
this, add it here,
or you can just use this space to do the
execution that I've done on the right.
Okay, are we all on the same page?
Till now.
Yes, yes.
Yes,
are you all getting what I'm trying to
explain here?
Yep.
Yeah, okay. Same thing.
We'll do the second one just because we
have the time today.
Do you guys want to try it first so that
we are and you can paste your output in
the chat so that we can verify that you
are doing it right and your, you know,
how do I say your formatting is right?
that you are writing memory,
you are writing terminal,
you are entering everything. Okay,
so I'll give you 10 minutes,
not 10 minutes, it's 620. We will start,
we'll resume again at 635.
You have 15 minutes.
I know that you all don't have it.
What I'll do is I'll take the screenshot
of this.
The code.
Okay,
actually I can just upload the practise
test here.
So I'll upload the practise test for you
guys. So it's a little easier and then.
And then you do the 4th question and then
we will move on to 5th and 6th question.
Okay,
so that we have that much time and you
also understand what I'm trying to
explain here.
Once we are done with everything,
I will share the document with you so
that you have the answers to the practise
test as well. Okay.
Just give me one second and I will.
Download it.
Okay, so I uploaded the file.
You can do attempt the question number 4,
which is again the hand execution. Okay,
I have shared, I think someone's,
is this format acceptable for the test
value keyboard and 98. Unfortunately,
it's not acceptable.
and I'll tell you why.
It's because it doesn't show the
incrementation or it doesn't show the
decrementation. That's the first thing.
Second, when I've shared the screen,
let me do it again.
When we did it here, you see these boxes?
These boxes is to tell you that this is
how we store the memory,
or this is how the memory is being stored
in the system,
so that every variable should have their
individual boxes. So,
what you've done is technically not.
Correct. The answer is definitely correct,
but the formatting or the way the
computer or the system processes or the
machine processes is wrong. Okay,
so this is the format that we want. Okay,
what I'm going to do is I'm going to
paste this as well so that you have it as
a reference.
It's because I shared the screen.
Yes,
so I have pasted the formatting as well.
OK, it's 622. Let's resume at 640.
OK, and I'll answer the questions by then,
and is good, but you need to OK, Vrisha.
You would not be learning buffer
overflows directly,
but you will be learning it indirectly,
I think, in the credit tasks.
And secure coding, no, I don't think so.
We cover secure coding in this unit.
Yes, you can definitely do it by hand.
So I will actually share my final
document with you all in which I have
done it by my hand.
And I like to do it by hand rather than
doing this system thing.
And sometimes just like right now,
if I came into a situation where my...
Touch is not working and just now it's
working again.
So it's better to always do it by hand
and upload it. It's definitely acceptable.
Sorry, still a little new.
We can find the previous recordings of
this class.
I think it's in the recording section of
the Team standard.
So,
we'll resume again at 6:40 and we'll go
on with the next one.
Next question.
I see a lot of answers in the chat,
so I will start going through them so
it's a little easier. Dylan, are you here?
Yes, I am.
Yes,
I see that you have done it correctly.
I don't see a mistake in here. Looks good.
So all good.
Hmm.
Just follow the same pattern while you're
doing your test, okay?
Lovely.
Yes, thank you very much.
Thank you.
Malik Darvish, are you still here?
Mallik Darwish, are you still here?
Yes, I am.
Yeah, okay. So I see your thing,
but the problem, I see a problem here.
Okay.
So as I said that each variable should
have their own memory.
What you have done is not individual
Yeah.
memory. It's a box. It's a block.
Does that make sense?
I mean, yeah,
but each variable has its own box.
Yes.
Yeah, you need a space between them.
It looks like a column,
which is not the case.
I...
Does it make sense?
Do you want me to help you?
Yeah, no, it makes sense. It's just,
it's just, I'll be specific, that's all.
Yeah, it's very specific.
When it comes to a hand execution,
it is very, very specific.
And let's go with the specificity of it.
So yeah.
Mm.
Jordan, are you here?
Yep.
Yeah, OK, so.
What you've done is a very common mistake,
but we will discuss about it.
So what you've done is a little out of
place. So your answer is not right.
And I'll tell you why.
Because in the question, if you see,
it tells you to stop at i equal equal to
4.
YEE.
So, it starts with zero,
and it asks you to stop at 4.
Up to i = 4, yeah.
Yes, so do you understand the mistake now?
Yeah, okay, perfect.
Yeah, yeah.
I interpret it as starting up.
Ignore me on that one.
No, it's a very common mistake.
Most of the students do it and that's why
I let you guys do it so that you make the
mistake and you understand that, oh,
this is not something I have to repeat.
So yeah.
It's just on that note,
is it specifically I will only go up to
Yes.
three because the rest of it will execute?
I will go up to 4,
but will not move ahead in the value
keeper,
like will not cut out 10 and write 9,
will not go into that loop one more time.
Yeah, yes. Okay, so just for example,
in his thing, he's got I cross out zero,
YEE.
cross out one, cross out two,
and cross out three,
and then four is the final value.
It would just be cross out zero, one, two,
and three would be the final value?
Or would it still become four?
So I think what he's done is he's
incrementing from 4. So he's doing 4, 5,
6, 7, 8, 9.
That's what I can see from the work he's
submitted.
Sorry, I'll just...
show what I am referring to so that we
both are referring to the same thing.
Vrisha,
would it be possible for you to point out
the...
JAC.
Oh, no, no,
I think I was looking at something else.
I think I understand that.
Whose were you talking about?
What?
Was it Mohammed's?
I was talking about,
I am talking about Jordan James Ryan.
Ah, yep, okay, now I understand.
I was looking at a different screenshot.
Yeah, so what, yeah, yeah.
So what he's done is he's incrementing
Yep, perfect.
from 4,
but he missed out on the part that it
starts from zero and ends at 4.
Yeah, perfect, cool.
Yeah, Jordan, are you clear? Like, sorry.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure that's now correct.
Yeah, very good.
Sorry, I'll just go.
Just give me one second, okay?
Yeah, all good.
I'm just scrolling below. TARA,
are you still here?
Yes, I am.
Okay, thank you.
Perfect.
Mohammad Umar AZIZI.
Are you here?
Yes, I'm here. I'm just fixing it.
I think Risha already told me what I need
to fix.
To cross the values, yes, perfect. OK,
Jordan, yes, I can see yours again.
Sure.
I already realised my mistake.
Oh, I...
Okay, Jordan, I think...
I just have a quick... Oh, wait, no,
sorry, no. Go with Jordan, sorry.
Okay, Jordan, so after 11,
but we'll cross out and still have 10,
I think.
Do you want to cross-check that part?
Yeah, no, that's,
I realised 'cause I started at one on my
eye, so...
Yes, perfect. Yeah,
the second one looks right. Yeah, perfect.
Yeah.
And there is IKRAM.
Yeah.
Um, just give me one second, okay?
I don't know why, but I can't.
Yeah, okay. The answer is right,
just because the memory is stored in a
box format.
So that's something that you need to do.
Otherwise it looks right.
Just draw the boxes around it and it
should be fine.
No worries, thank you.
Perfect. And okay, I have another reply.
Okay, I see a lot of replies. Okay, Dylan,
do you have questions before I go on to
the next one?
Yep, so with the terminal outputs,
should we also include like the like
enter initial value 16 and enter count
value 14 as part of that little section?
Or should...
Yes,
you should include and you have to
include it,
but it's okay if we don't include it.
Yeah.
We don't look for that much specificity
of our person, but yeah,
Okay, yeah.
you can definitely include it.
Lovely. Fantastic. Thank you.
Perfect. We have GABRIELLE.
Are you here?
Yeah, I'm here.
Yes, it looks perfect.
Amazing, thanks so much.
Okay, um, Mohammad AZIZI.
Are you here?
Yes.
So the thing is that you don't need to
write anything inside it.
So I see stop here at i equal to 4.
Okay.
I don't think so you need to write that.
If you want to write anything,
Alright, sure.
it's all separate,
like in your rough work, not in this.
Outside, OK.
Okay.
Sure, sure.
Perfect,
your answer looks great and the
formatting looks great. Maddie,
are you here?
Yeah, yeah, I'm here.
Yeah, I see. It's perfect.
I see that you've done it correctly.
Everything looks perfect to me.
And okay,
so this will go on and we don't have that
much time. But yeah,
I see that we all have the right output.
So I'm glad that there are not as many
mistakes as we do.
But this is a very important question.
Okay,
so let me just be a little more clear.
clearer when we are talking about it.
First is that we want you to read the
programme and read the instructions.
I will just share my screen so that we
know we are on the same page.
Okay, when I talk about this,
how it clearly says that you start from
14, the counter value is 16,
and I equal equal to 4.
So these are the very important thing
that you need to understand and you need
to keep in mind when you are doing your
program.
When you're going into the loop,
you also cheque what is the value of I.
So you always write down,
you go very slow.
We don't need to rush because you have 90
minutes. And as you can see,
we are already on question #4 and it's 40
minutes. I'm explaining and doing it.
So we have enough time. So go slow.
cross-check and then go ahead with it.
Okay.
Does anyone anyone have any questions
regarding the hand execution?
I see the answers in the chat. Vrisha,
just make sure that you go through it
when we do it.
So if anyone has done wrong,
just point it out. Yes, does anyone?
Oh, I'm doing that already.
Just we have two people with their hands
raised up, so Malik and Dan.
Okay, Malik,
do you want to ask a question?
Yeah,
when you were confirming Jordan's most
recent one,
you said that it should pretend at the
end. I don't think that it does.
Because I enters 4 at the end of the loop
and then it won't go back into the loop
again to then print 10.
If we're ending at i = 4.
So, in the value keeper, it will go...
How do I?
Yes, value keeper will have 10,
but terminal will not have 10,
it will end at 11.
Yeah, it will end at 11. Yeah.
Only the value keeper will go till 10.
Yeah, no,
but I was saying you were saying that his
terminal output was correct and the
terminal has 10 bit, that's all.
I just didn't want him to be confused to
have that wrong.
I only have one screenshot of his where
there is no 10,
but the terminal value ends at 11.
Did he upload any other one? I'm sorry,
I've not seen it then.
I don't know how to put it back in the
chat. I'm just looking at it, that's all.
Oh,
there are multiple screenshots attached
in it. You have to swipe. Oh, no, no, no.
Okay, Jordan, are you still here?
Yeah, no,
that was just me because I'm rushing to
YEE.
get the photo out and so we can keep
moving. So all good though.
Thank you for pointing it out there mate.
Yeah, so the value keeper will go to 10,
but the terminal will not have 10.
Yeah, I just want to make sure that you,
yeah.
Yeah.
Yeah, Okay. Okay.
Okay, perfect.
Okay, so this is the question #4.
Before I move on to question #5,
does anyone have any doubts?
Even if it's silly, even if it's,
even if you consider it's very stupid of
me to ask, please, please,
please ask because when we,
when in your act.
actual test,
your hand execution and the final,
like the 6th question,
will have the maximum weightage.
So I just want you all to understand the
importance of it and we'll discuss it.
So does anyone have any questions,
any doubts, even if it's small, big?
Anything?
No, okay, perfect.
Um.
I see. Hi, Saloni.
I need some help with sequence and data.
Yes, we'll go on to the doubt section.
Let me just focus on the test for now.
Vrisha,
if you're free and if you can just chat
with that person, it would be great.
Perfect.
Let's move on to the next question.
OK, so our next question is...
What is the bug in this program? Okay,
so any wild guesses on what the bug would
be in this program?
So when we write this program,
what do you think is the bug?
Bug means error.
What do you think is the error in this
program?
Anyone?
Yeah,
there's two main bugs with this program.
Firstly,
it's on the right lines where it's using
one instead of your hyphens.
And also with the printout value keeper,
it's using eyes instead of slashes to be
able to put into a comment.
Okay, that's technically right,
but I'm looking for something which is
very clear. Like,
I'm not looking for any syntax error,
but I'm asking for more error. Like,
will this programme run?
Or if you try to run it,
what would be the actual problem?
IT.
Because it allows you to put in a value
smaller than the counter,
it could run endlessly.
Yes, it would go to infinity. Yes.
What do you guys have to say about the
dummy wear?
Like there is a variable which is their
dummy wear.
What do you guys have to say about it?
It's never used.
Exactly. That's something you can include.
Programme will still run there,
but it will tell you.
Okay.
Yeah, yeah,
but it will give you a warning that,
Yes,
it just says this programme that this
you know, I think it will be the one.
value is not in use.
Yes, perfect.
So are we all on the same page with the
error?
Good. Happy. Yeah. OK,
now we move on to the sixth question. Now,
Yeah, I think so.
for the sixth question,
there are multiple ways of solving a
program. OK, if I write a program,
I have a different logic.
If you write a program,
you have a different logic.
I will show you what my logic is.
but there are no right answers to it.
Like,
we will accept any logic that you have,
but it should be following programmer's
guide,
and it should be following the right
syntax and right code. Like, for example,
we have not started using CIN and C out,
but we see a lot of submissions with CIN
and C out.
Me and Vrisha always think to each other
that was it something that is taught?
So it is not.
So you can't have seen and see out.
The second thing is you can't have switch,
like sorry,
you can't have something which is like
you're taking,
you're making the code 10 like a very big,
we are not expecting you to write a big.
code.
So that's something that you can keep it
in mind.
The third thing is we are not looking for
too much technical details.
It's okay if you know after you submitted,
you've forgotten a semicolon or something.
That's fine. We're looking for the logic,
like whether you understand programming,
whether you can code by yourself and
whether your logic is right.
Okay.
So, we will, I'll show you.
I will show you what I have created.
what I think should be the code for it.
Okay, so this is what I have created,
that this is what my logic is.
So I have created this logic.
Veer.
Firstly,
I don't know if you guys have read the
question. We'll read the question.
In the C# code,
which continuously prompts a user to
input a number,
it should terminate if the number is
divisible by 11.
They've also given you a little bit of
hint on what condition they are expecting.
Okay,
so this is the code that I have written.
Now, I know that I made a mistake here.
I've done it intentionally.
Does anyone have to point out what
mistake I've done?
Anyone,
do you want to take a wild guess on what
mistake I have done here?
Vrisha, do you want to take a wild guess?
Sorry, what?
Do you want to take a wild guess on what
mistake I've done here?
Ohh.
Or what's something that we have used
which is not allowed?
Wait, let's see.
Right, well, I haven't read the question.
Wait, first let me read the question.
Yes.
Hello, friend.
Could I try the answer?
The indentation of write and num.
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Yeah, like indentations doesn't matter.
But yeah,
you can definitely consider that.
Can we do 32, 2 and 32?
That's a good point.
Yes.
Yeah, have you, yeah. So basically,
I know that when we start coding and
sometimes Visual Studio Code,
I feel like just because it's an online
test,
you guys would be very acquainted to
other resources such as AI,
such as Visual Studio Code giving you
hints, references.
And there is very high possibility that
it might give you something like this. OK,
so make sure that you don't.
directly just do whatever is shown to you.
You use your own logic,
type your own code,
and then you decide or make a call. Okay,
so this is something that I've done it
intentionally that we,
I don't think so we have started using
two in 32. So you don't have to use it.
Teh I?
I thought it came up in the first
programmer's guide,
but I'm about to go find out.
I don't think so.
We covered it from P2 to P4 as far as I
Huf.
know. If they have included it,
I don't know. I'm not sure.
But as far as I know, you can't.
I will still cross-check for you.
Can I confirm when not to use it because
we haven't been shown it?
So basically, if you have not,
like for example,
if you're not taught or is not included
in the programmer's guide,
that's something that I would recommend
you to not use it. Okay,
I see in the programmer's guide we do use
2 and 32,
but we use it in the later stages.
So if there is something.
that you have not been taught from P2 to
P4, try to avoid it completely.
Don't use it.
Makes sense.
Yep.
Yeah,
I see a lot of questions regarding should
it not have equal equal 0 instead of not
equal to 0? As I said,
you can have your own logic. Yeah, Vrisha,
you're saying something.
Just saying that everyone has their own
logics.
But.
So you can use not equal or equal
depending on the way that you write the
code.
Yeah.
Makes sense. So this is the entire test.
That's what the session was all about.
Do we have any questions regarding the
test?
And I see that I just received a message
from Aaron that the mails have been
started.
Like I think you guys are receiving the
mails.
Is there anyone who has not received the
e-mail or is having any issue with it?
I see someone.
texting also on the chat that the mails
have been sent out.
Is there anyone who's not received an
e-mail?
Anyone?
I haven't me. Okay,
so they started sending you emails.
I would suggest you to wait till
Wednesday. Sorry, today is Monday. Yeah,
I would suggest you to wait till
Wednesday. And after Wednesday,
if you don't receive it,
please send a message to me on Teams
saying that, hey, Saloni,
I've not received the e-mail.
I am an online student and I need help.
I will take it forward to Aaron and then
we can sort it out.
Or you can definitely e-mail Aaron
directly that I have not received an
e-mail. Okay, Jordan, yes, go ahead.
Just a quick question.
It says in the e-mail that we can't use
the aid of VS Code or online resources.
Are we allowed to use our own notes?
technically not.
Okay, so it should say,
so it's a complete closed book test. No,
It's a test.
Yeah.
That's a closed book test, yes.
that's cool.
Just wanted to double cheque because it
Yeah.
was very specific.
Yeah, so basically I know that, okay,
for example,
if I'm talking to you right now,
if my camera is on, I can still, you know,
use some other platforms.
I would suggest you to not use it,
just give this test as honestly as you
can. And we would,
I.
I think there would be tutors supervising
as well. So make sure that, you know,
you don't get into all these problems and.
Um...
Also,
it's more on the basis that P1 is purely
a practise test. Like you will not be,
you know,
given any marks or if you fail as well,
or if you get a resubmit as well,
you will get an opportunity to fix it.
It's just a practise test,
like practise for your final test.
So make sure that you do it honestly and.
use as much resources as you can.
Two in 32 was used in P3. Yeah, yeah,
I've just, I know it was used,
it can be used somewhere in programmer's
guide.
I'm just giving you an example that don't
try to include concepts which are not
being taught in the programmer's guide or
is outside or is outside P4.
My only standard way of explaining that
was it. I understand it was used.
I get it. Malik,
I think you have raised your hand.
Do you have any doubt?
Yeah, no,
I was about to put it down because, yeah,
I was about to say I found where in two
and 32 is used.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yes.
Okay, can we move on to the slides now?
Are we all happy with the test?
Any last minute questions?
Ohh, ISDAR.
Yeah, quick question. Sorry,
I didn't hear the call.
Yes.
Were we supposed to be sending us through
e-mail or something?
Sorry?
You said you're supposed to be sending us
something,
or we're supposed to get an e-mail or
something. I didn't need to copy it there.
I am not sending it. No, no,
I am not sending the emails.
The unit share, Aaron,
is sending out emails to all the online
students for the test.
So you will receive all the instructions
via the e-mail.
So I would request you to wait till
Wednesday.
If you receive it or if you don't receive
it, just.
Get back to me if you don't receive it.
Okay, sorry,
that's what I wanted to cheque me, right,
because I will be for the show. Thank you.
Yeah, yeah,
I saw some messages on the chat that
you've started receiving the emails and I
think I've checked with Aaron as well.
I think he's starting to send out the
emails.
Okay, okay, thank you.
Perfect. Okay,
so we'll start with the slides now for
today.
And then we'll move on to the task doubts,
if you have any.
Oh.
Practice.
Yes, so this is the week and this is how..
.
Teh.
This is what is expected in the week from
you.
I hope that everyone has completed P1, P2,
and P3.
You might have gotten a lot of feedback
from your tutors as well,
and you're progressing towards P4. If not,
you still have one week's time to catch
up for the test. Currently,
your focus should be only on...
the preparation for the test,
which is in the week 5.
If you have any doubts,
you can definitely reach out to any of
the tutors.
You can reach out to the Help Hub tutors.
You can definitely reach out on the SIT
102 Teams channel. All the discussions,
all the important notice and the
announcements would be done in the Teams
channel.
Okay, the test is in week 5 and you,
as I showed you, I think all these steps,
I've already covered it,
where you will have your practise test,
which is in the task one, test one,
resources section.
That's where you find your test one,
like the practise test.
That will cover all the concepts from P2
to P4.
It's only covering concepts from P2 to P4,
so make sure that you know you go through
all the tasks very thoroughly.
You if you fail the test one, it's OK.
You can always follow it up and you know
submit the practise test.
That's fine.
It's just a practise for test 2. Okay.
Again,
all the information would be posted in
SIT 102 Teams channel. Okay. Now,
if you don't know where your test would
be for the online students,
it would be all in the e-mail and
everything.
But you can start looking at the start
timetable for.
Better understanding.
This week,
all the seminars and all the help hubs
would be focusing on the test.
So make sure that you've practised it
correctly and you have everything sorted
for your test.
The important notice,
I think I've seen already a lot of
applications and I see a lot of
discussions happening.
So the 102 distinction or high
distinction grade for students who are
aiming for distinction or high
distinction,
the volunteer programme has already
started. It includes
you or a student assisting us during the
seminar. So for example,
if during the seminars,
if anyone has a doubt,
we will give you an opportunity to help
the student out.
So this is a very good opportunity in
that one.
You can also include it in your resume.
You can also include it in your LinkedIn
profile. So it's just a very.
a strong impression for you if you are
aiming higher.
It is also something that companies or
corporate side of it or academia side of
it, both of them,
they really look into it that you have
been involved in so and so.
So it's a very good opportunity and make
sure that you use it correctly.
I think now there are some points which
are a bit concerning of, you know,
students using AI.
I think that I did help you out in the
week one and I see a lot of online
students doing it very correctly.
If they're using AI,
they're acknowledging it.
and they're putting the screenshot that,
hey, I've used AI in so and so manner.
So make sure that if you're using AI,
you include it in your learning journey
that this is where I got stuck and this
is where I'm using AI.
This is where in your references section
as well, you can include it.
Just don't make us reach out to you that,
hey, why did you use AI?
Make sure that you tell us from yourself
that, hey, I used AI. So that should be a,
if you actually are caught within the AI
thing,
it's academic integrity and a lot more
hassle for you.
So make sure that you do not,
do not use AI. Okay.
We have all the resources available,
the seminars, the Teams channel, Help Hub.
I also see that the past sessions have
started and the students are actually
attending it.
So make sure that you attend the past
channel as well,
the past sessions as well.
For the programmers guide,
I just want to give you a heads up again
that we are following.
one programmer's guide, V1.
For the community,
there are different clubs you can join.
Make sure that you're using the clubs,
you're joining them,
you're attending the events of that.
We would be focusing on test run practice.
I think we have already done today.
So if you feel that you want to still
withdraw from the unit,
there is no problem in it.
Please do so before the census date,
which is 31st March.
So make sure that you do it before that.
This is all I have for today.
Everything is covered for today.
I have covered the test and the seminar
slides.
Do we have any questions or we can move
on with the in general doubts that you
have related to your task,
related to anything else?
Are we good?
Good, good, good.
Okay, perfect.
So now we can start with one-to-one
sessions.
I think last time we did the same thing
where we put into the breakout rooms and
we can have one-to-one session.
So is there anyone who wants to have a
one-to-one session?
Make sure that when you're having a
one-to-one session,
you keep your cameras on and you have
your mic working. If you do not have that,
I don't think so one-to-one session would
be possible.
So make sure that when you have a
one-to-one session,
either you have your camera on and your
mic on. Okay.
So is there anyone who wants to have a
one-to-one session?
Okay,
can everyone raise their hands whoever
wants to have a one-to-one session?
It becomes a little easier for us.
Okay, Vrisha, did you check?
Are there any important messages on the
chat?
Yeah, you can have a look at it. Perfect.
No, no.
No.
I was just checking through.
Someone was asking for a coffee break,
but you can take it now.
Yeah,
you can definitely have a coffee break.
That's nothing to be asked. Okay,
so let's start with the students. Shravya,
I will call you personally and Estar.
Vrisha,
would you mind taking a start in a
breakout room?
Yeah, I'll do that.
Okay, Shravya,
I'll be giving you a call in just one
minute.
And then we'll come to you, Prameshwar.
Okay, so we're done with Shravya.
Prameshwar, are you still here?
Prameshwar Rukha Magar.
Are you still here?
Ohh, yes, I'm here.
Yeah, okay, fine. I'll give you a call,
okay?
Awesome, beautiful. Thank you.
Thank you.
Yeah.
So, I have...
SAINI.
Okay, so I think I'm done.
Is there anyone else waiting for me for
one-to-one conversation?
Okay.
So,
I'll go through the chats again to see.
If I missed out on anything. DENMAN,
do you have anything to say?
I did tell you that for a one-to-one
meeting,
you might have to own your camera or have
your mic sorted out.
It wouldn't be possible for me to solve
your doubt otherwise. Sorry about that.
No.
Uh, Jess, are you still here?
JEZREEL IVOMARI. Are you still here?
I'm sorry if I'm pronouncing your name
wrong.
I think I'll call you out again.
JEZREEL IVOMARI, are you still here?
Okay, I think you had a question,
but it would be hard for me to answer
otherwise.
Yes, I think I need to see the.
Oh, hi. You're here. Okay, yes,
so what's wrong? What's going on?
I see your question that you have.
The submissions I've made are supposed to
be on the task sheet,
but I keep getting something missing.
Can you show me what's the feedback or
can you share your screen so that I can
help you out?
So let me bring up.
Yeah, sure.
Only one moment.
Give me some money.
Teh.
Hi, Miss Mitta,
will we get your recommended answers to
the Practise test? Oh, yes, yes, I forgot,
I forgot. Just give me one second.
Thank you for reminding me.
I'll just add my answers.
Mm.
I might have made some mistakes,
so make sure that you don't,
it's just not something that, you know,
you fire me with that, hey,
you have done this wrong,
you've done this wrong.
This is something that I'm just doing to
help you out. So make sure that is there.
I'm not able to save it.
One second, I'll share it with you guys.
Ohh.
Solution. Yes,
I have added the solution for you.
It's in the chat.
The sheet is in the chat.
Thank you for reminding me.
And yes, Robindra,
do you have any questions?
You have your hand raised up.
Hello, yeah,
could we move to a one-on-one breakout
room?
Oh yeah, sure, I can give you a call.
Just give me one second.
Okay, do we have any other questions?
So I'll just call out each one of you
Um, yeah.
individually so that I'm a little more
clear. Oh, yes, JEZREEL,
you were speaking something.
Yeah,
my question is also the same as the other,
just last question who just asked. Today,
break out into a one-on-one woman that I
asked my question.
No, you're sure?
I can call you one second.
Yeah.
Do we have questions for anyone else?
Malik Darwish, are you still there?
Do you have any questions?
GAVRIEL, do you have any questions?
DENMAN, OK. DENMAN,
No, I'm all good.
do you have any questions?
Mohammad Arif, do you have any questions?
Okay, I think no one have any questions.
Okay, all good.
Hello, hi.
So we are approaching the end of the
session.
Do we have any other doubts or we are
happy to end the session?
Do we have any doubt? Vrisha, are we good?
Yeah, I'm all good.
Okay, so I'll confirm again, Gabriel,
Denman, Darvish, and Amir,
do you have any doubt?
Not all good, thanks so much.
Okay, perfect.
I will see you in the next class.
Thank you. Bye-bye. See ya.